---
title: "Projects"
draft: false
---

Here's what I'm up to right now.
[Connect with me to stay in the loop!](/about#get-in-touch)

## Putting Food on the Table

I have been working for a small company called [combyte AG](https://combyte.ch)
since 2011, specializing in building .NET solutions for small and medium
businesses that operate in the Swiss social sector.

Back when I joined the team, we were just getting started with a greenfield
Silverlight (RIP) rewrite of the company's core product, which sparked my love
for .NET and set me on the path of a self-taught .NET developer I still follow
today.

Working for a small company for over a decade has gotten me used to wearing many
hats at once. I was able to acquire a very broad range of skills, especially
with Microsoft technologies.

For the first half of my career, I primarily developed solutions for
Microsoft-only environments, using technologies such as IIS, SQL Server,
ASP.NET, and WPF, to name a few.

But in recent years, things changed with the rise of the cloud. The demand for
modern cloud applications is constantly rising, and I find myself working more
than ever with Microsoft Azure, Docker, Azure DevOps, Microsoft 365, and all the
tools surrounding these technologies, which excites me.

My passion for the .NET ecosystem has only grown stronger over the years. I am
so happy with the way it has evolved and see myself working with it for many
years to come.

## This Blog

On this website, I share my thoughts and notes about things that I’m excited
about and working on and hope to connect with people having a similar mindset.
I’d love to hear from you!

## My Homelab

Stay tuned!

## Open-Source Contributions

I just love to contribute to open-source projects,
[mostly on GitHub](https://github.com/schnerring/).

It's different in so many ways from the everyday job hustle: no obligations to
be productive, no deadlines, no priorities. I can work on whatever I want to
whenever I want to. Getting into a flow where I go from working on one thing to
working on the next just because I feel like it is liberating and provides me a
kind of creative outlet that an actual job can't offer.

I also like the aspect of putting my work on public display. It brings out the
best in me, knowing that anyone can scrutinize my work, resulting in
high-quality code and documentation. Getting positive feedback or grateful
comments motivates me, and knowing that my contributions will help others down
the line is very rewarding.

Here are my most recent code contributions, if you're interested:

- Stay tuned

## Gruvbox Theme for Hugo

I am the author of the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) theme you see on this website.
[The theme's code is available on GitHub](https://github.com/schnerring/hugo-theme-gruvbox)
and licensed under MIT. If you like it, feel free to use it, too.
[Have a look at the demo site](https://hugo-theme-gruvbox.schnerring.net) to
explore its features.

When I first started blogging, I used a pre-made theme to familiarize myself
with Hugo. But it wasn't long before I wanted something custom and unique. I
decided to build a theme from scratch that looks a bit like a text editor and
shares similar properties: performance, simplicity, great code highlighting,
beautiful color scheme, built with the latest tools available.

Bearing in mind that I didn't have much experience with web development, I
consider the project a great success. I achieved all the goals in terms of
appearance, functionality, and performance. I also learned a lot about the web
world, such as the Node ecosystem, linters, PostCSS, minification, image
optimization, and more.
